so this then is the beef simmering
gently in beef stock and stout
absolutely perfect Richard I hear you
cry what beef what Guinness what stout
what stock actually this is the classic
modern way of cooking beef with oysters
and Guinness you could say the perfect
TV meal no not that one my dear this one
this is the perfect TV dinner look
wonderful local oysters fabulous fill it
little shallots a bit of brown sugar
wonderful meat glaze the reduction of
beef bones and stock and stuff like that
a little butter and some stunts and as
always saved back to the original piece
if it isn't good enough to drink it's
not good enough to cook with so I'll
just check absolutely perfect right we
haven't got very much time so I have
already poached my phyllis of beef in
some meat stock and some stout okay I've
got it reduced down to that with a few
shots in and a daily now the important
part of making the sauce come in very
close you may walk you have actually got
legs
we put because of business sauce you get
from the from the start and beefed up a
little in a brown sugar like that
dissolve it in and then whisk in a few
knobs of butter huge whisk and we whisk
that and it gets creamy shiny and
punctual take a second or two well
that's just finishing off there I must
now concentrate because I know offer
this to George in a moment you've seen
what a brilliant chef he is just taste
that brown sugar is essential into that
it takes the business away and give it
up superb Lee punch was favorite back a
bit please Richard right sauce onto the
plate first of all strain through so we
don't get the shots and things okay like
that which is perfect
save a bit of that right while I cut up
the meat I will to pop minded losses in
the second or two have a little close up
into there Richard if you can get it
just warm the oysters through they're
naturally raw you just want them glazed
with the sauce
only there for a second okay you've seen
though right back over the difficult bit
we just carve that learn Oh cooked if I
may say to perfection pink in the middle
thin slivers of little there's beef that
one two three may because this is for
George maybe I should make a bit of a
better effort there and overlap them
like that a bit of my julienne of
vegetables trembling hence I you know
I've made hundreds of these pros I still
get very nervous cooking for really
talented people it's genuinely true you
know I haven't came that is worse on
what right doses can go around here like
that and I'll get a bit more of this
sauce okay under the pressure
I don't suppose I've presented that as
beautifully as Jordan I do for George
come and have a taste
tell me what you think I know you might
criticize the presentation but see if
the flavors are there where looks very
good
certain it is very good you want tell of
several million people what you really
think is absolutely fabulous and I think
that's one forever you man you really
truly yes I do
tonight I still just see how I how I
feel about that
beautiful oysters the beautiful beef no
I told you George was a man of integrity
everything that is true those oysters
are perfect that beef is brilliant the
sauce is fantastic I'm a bit proud